OSDOCS-19235:Update the z-stream RNs for 4.19.29 (#110740)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zstream-4-19-29.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * release_notes/ocp-4-19-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="zstream-4-19-29_{context}"]
= RHSA-2026:7249 - {product-title} {product-version}.29 fixed issues and security update

> Issued: 29 April 2026

Reviewer: Date is correct?

Author: Yes, that's the correct date.

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title} release {product-version}.29 is now available. The list of fixed issues that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2026:10093[RHSA-2026:10093] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2026:10080[RHBA-2026:10080] advisory.

Reviewer: RHSA-2026:7249 versus RHSA-2026-10093? Usually the Images advisory is in the title.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.19.29 --pullspecs
----

[id="zstream-4-19-29-fixed-issues_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, Kube API server rollouts in user clusters with encrypted etcd caused transmission control protocol (TCP) reset (RST) storms which resulted in application pod traffic drops. With this release, the Kube API server rollouts do not cause traffic drops in encrypted clusters, which improves service stability. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-81478[OCPBUGS-81478])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, Kube API server rollouts in clusters that had encrypted etcd caused transmission control protocol (TCP) reset (RST) storms. This behavior resulted in application pod traffic drops. With this release, the Kube API server rollouts do not cause traffic drops in encrypted clusters, which improves service stability. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-81478[OCPBUGS-81478])
```

> * Before this update, the accumulation of unique session cookies across multi-pod deployments caused *Header Too Large* errors. With this release, the console proactively expires outdated pod-specific cookies whenever a new session is created. As a result, the cookie header remains within size limits during frequent re-authentications (especially with {azure-first} Active Directory (AD) SSO) while maintaining a stable, single active session. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-81574[OCPBUGS-81574])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the accumulation of unique session cookies across multi-pod deployments caused *Header Too Large* errors. With this release, the console proactively expires outdated pod-specific cookies whenever a new session is created. As a result, the cookie header remains within size limits during frequent re-authentications, while maintaining a stable, single active session. This behavior is most noticeable in {azure-first} Active Directory (AD) SSO. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-81574[OCPBUGS-81574])
```
